today I have something to unbox that one
of my co-workers actually bought online
and he had it shipped to the office just
because sometimes that's a little bit
more convenient because you know you're
not at home during the day when you have
a nine-to-five job so I saw this thing
and I was like dude do you mind if I
unbox this thing because it's uh it's
pretty hilarious and yeah I thought you
guys might like to check it out so this
is the CTA assault rifle controller for
PlayStation 3
it basically remaps all of the ps3
buttons two buttons on the gun itself it
is powered by a couple of double-a
batteries it uses the trigger as an r1
button it makes a lifelike shooting
sound effects from the built-in speaker
includes a removable scope and stop uses
wireless USB syncing with the ps3
console okay all within reach realistic
look and lightweight construction okay
yeah okay
package includes well we'll see that in
a minute plug in USB dongle key turn on
the rifle and press the PS button to
sing so the assault rifle for the
PlayStation 3 is the number one piece of
equipment any gamer needs to wreak of
this Velvet Rock re EK wreak havoc oh no
to wreak havoc and modern first-person
shooters like call of duty modern
warfare 2 or first-person shooting or
hunting games or assault rifle
controller has every button you need and
I'm having trouble getting the scope out
but we do have the stock alright yeah
I'm feeling pretty good about this stuff
right about now we have the USB dongle
which looks a little something like that
plug that into your PlayStation 3
alright and then let's guy look through
this oh that's a shame ok
yeah I can see like there's kind of a
red hue Tippa to the plastic here but
you can actually see like some junk on
the inside this doesn't actually turn ok
well that's disappointing but I guess
what can you expect for I think regular
prices is like $49.99 and he got it for
something
would like 29.99 so okay let's see if we
can get this on here Oh hold on I hope
I'm not putting it on the wrong way I
think I am okay here we go so don't
worry I'll figure this out you guys
don't worry there's no doubt that I'll
be back in the set okay so when in doubt
force it I just had to push harder and
then to put the stock on you just take
the well it's kind of the butt of the
gun so I was going to call it a butt
plug but then I realized that's not
really very appropriate Bob we'll go
ahead and do it anyway so you take out
the plug and then you go ahead and put
the stock back in so you've got all of
your ps3 buttons here so there's your
square triangle circle and X button
you've also got your l1 and then these
are labels apparently for these buttons
oh yeah I can see how that'd be kind of
handy because that way you can kind of
see what you're doing and you can press
the buttons from yeah from yeah sort of
that kind of an angle you've got your ah
see this is I think this is probably
going to be your right analog stick
would be my guess there's your l2 and
your r2 and then you've got your left
analog stick out here you've got your
d-pad over here which is actually kind
of usable like you can you can kind of
use that you wouldn't use that often in
the context of this device but there it
is it's there and there's your on and
off switch so you know what oh hey
there's more over here so select start
mode off one three and infinite oh cool
so you can have single shot burst fire
and full auto there's the speaker
unfortunately this is a magazine right
not a clip magazine the Russian knows
good magazine right here there's your
trigger button so we are totally going
to have to I hear you guys can look down
the down the sights of the gun just to
appreciate sort of what it looks like
we're totally going to have to throw a
couple double-a batteries in here and
find out what the lifelike shooting
sounds are going to sound like here so
hold on there we go some some of my
trusty eneloop batteries which never let
me down
and
close in there all right oh the lights
go on
so there's your 1 2 3 4 light so
obviously it's not going to bind
hopefully actually makes the noise here
we go oh that's too bad it probably has
to be bound to the ps3 in order to in
order to make the sound effects that's
oh wait it's an off mode okay hold on
hold on we're going to try burst fire
burst fire okay that sounds kind of
similar now let's try infinity mode so
thank you for checking out this what I
believe to be hilarious unboxing on -
tech tips and thanks to the crazy
Russian for helping me film this and you
know he wants to play with this now I'm
not crazy and he insists he's not crazy
but either way you know what I could see
playing video games with one of these I
just kind of wish it worked with the PC
so don't forget to subscribe for latest
tech tips for more unboxing roots of the
unboxings reviews and oh wait hold on go
and keep the camera right there don't go
buildin Katmai out of the shop I'm out
of the shop okay okay I totally have to
be all